24.2.0_cycle28 - changelog (#395)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/seqera-cloud/v24.2.0_cycle28.mdx

---
title: Seqera Cloud v24.2.0_cycle28
date: 2025-01-21
tags: [seqera cloud]
---

### Feature updates and improvements

- Data Studios:

>     - Added studio endpoints to the Open API spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added data studio API endpoints to the OpenAPI spec.
```

> - Dynamic page title: New dynamic page title for easy bookmarking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New dynamic page title for easy bookmarking.
```

- Free tier:

>     - New organization types added so free tier users can monitor their usage and limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - New organization types added to allow free tier users to monitor their usage and limits.
```

- Restore `errorStrategy` default Nextflow config for AWS and GCP launches. The Nextflow job now correctly terminates after pipeline completion.

> - Improved error messaging when pipeline info can't be fetched to indicate whether the issue is due to a missing resource, or failed authentication due to expired credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved error messaging when pipeline info can't be fetched indicates whether the issue is due to a missing resource, or failed authentication due to expired credentials.
```

- Azure jobs are now automatically terminated after all tasks are complete.
- Send only added/updated run parameters when launching a pipeline. This includes all defaults and parameters passed during the launch.

> - Updated list of EC2 families with NVMe disk available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated list of EC2 families with NVMe disks available.
```

- Upgrade to Angular 17
- Bump Nextflow launcher to 24.10.3

### Bug fixes 

- Allow unsetting `schemaName` when editing a pipeline.
- Use `preferred_username` as fallback email field for OIDC login.

> - Drop the last characters in job definition name if longer than the prescribed limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drop the last characters in job definition name, if longer than the prescribed limit.
```

> - Compute environment creation form allows pre and post run scripts to be longer than the accepted value of 1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compute environment creation form allows pre- and post-run scripts to be longer than the accepted value of 1024 characters.
```

> - Prohibit duplicate Git credentials and tie-break on `lastUpdated` for existing duplicates.

Reviewer: Can we define what tie-break means? Do we delete the older of the two duplicates?

> - Prohibit duplicate Git credentials and tie-break on `lastUpdated` for existing duplicates.

Author: ```suggestion
- Prohibit duplicate Git credentials and tie-break on `lastUpdated` for existing duplicates. Going forward, preference is given to the credentials updated last in the situation when there are multiple candidates. Additionally a duplicate check is added when creating new credentials, to avoid new duplicate cases.
```

> - Prohibit duplicate Git credentials and tie-break on `lastUpdated` for existing duplicates. Going forward, preference is given to the credentials updated last in the situation when there are multiple candidates. Additionally a duplicate check is added when creating new credentials, to avoid new duplicate cases.

Author: @llewellyn-sl, I've updated this with some more detail.
